Oh
everyone Atlas here and it is man let's
suck to these trucks just crawl up this
road all that lumber it is made 12 then
it's 259 in 18 seconds now so yeah this
this whole trip is kind of taking it on
a whole different feeling than any other
trip I've taken in the past in for the
first time since I've ever traveled by
it's said this a very lonely feeling i
usually don't get lonely on the road but
I
I don't the past couple of days I've
just been feeling overwhelmingly lonely
and
usually the you know the sights and the
people and in the different areas of
them that I'm traveling through
I guess makes me feel at home or at
least not alone and
it's not really the case and it's not
just the language barrier because I was
feeling this in Texas pretty early on
and I just couldn't get couldn't help
but feeling what the hell am i doing I
mean I just spend this spend days on end
just traveling alone
you know it used to be very fulfilling
but all of a sudden it doesn't seem to
be any more
so I don't know I don't know if this is
a
am I done with tori no
is this just a nice way of feeling I
don't know
people people in cars waving me a lot
but they always do it at the last minute
so I can't play it back you know I'll
stretch my arms so if they look at the
rear view mirror they'll see it but
so I don't know I think I think the
language barrier definitely contributed
towards it and I think even when i got
into Texas you know after texas the next
stage was Mexico and had a lot of
anxiety traveling into Mexico initially
its kind of the unknown you know there's
something very familiar about traveling
to the States not just the people but
you know you see a denny's every 60
miles you see things you recognize and
and that's that's a it's comforting to
it on a certain level
I know that there's a hospital that's
not too far away
I know that I'm going to be airlifted
somewhere if it's serious enough because
you know the ussf I think so safety wise
there's something very comforting about
traveling through the US which only
eight it's only contributed to my
anxiety traveling through Mexico a lot
of that has gone away olivet since I've
gotten here because more or less were
all the same people you know there's
there's not a big red target painted on
me as I imagined in my mind there was
and people been very friendly and
helpful and I've gotten over the
everyone's out to get you mindset but I
still slip it to it every now and then
because I slipped into it an hour ago
I was preparing to you know hit the road
I was grabbing all my stuff and I could
not find my GPS where the hell is this I
scoured my bags checked all my pockets
double play twice check down to the bed
blah blah I ever didn't like damn it
someone stole my GPS that came
in here and stole my GPS they came in
here it only stole one item not
everything because they wouldn't think
that I would suspect that someone would
only steal one thing and I'm just
through my mind all these all these
things are racing all these paranoid
thoughts and then I go to put on my
shirt and it's underneath pad and I'm
like oh there it is and I just so I'm
not completely
trusting of everyone as I don't think
you should be a waterfall guy with the
chainsaw there's a lot of logging up in
these mountains here there's tons of
trucks with lumber coming up these roads
but and and there's something I've never
experienced before the smell of lumber I
love the snow a bumper I don't know I
about seven years ago I felt the deck in
my parents backyard took me all summer I
was I was 18 19 19 I've never done
anything on that scale it's my most
proudest I guess productive achievement
I'd have to say in terms of building
something it's about 40 feet by 30 feet
the wraps around trees I had never known
anything about making decks my dad said
you know be nice out here a deck I have
a lot of book on decks I spent the
winter studying making schematics and
plans and then I spent the whole summer
building it single-handedly and yeah
it's a I know it's just a feat that I am
incredibly proud of as I look back on it
but anyways why what was i moseyed
points
Dex lumber ah smell of lumber yeah maybe
it's because I like the smell of lumber
when I was going to the lumber store so
often to get wood for the deck that I
built that I was so proud that's the
train of thought that I'm thinking of so
yeah that's a new new smell that I guess
a motorcycle sense that I picked picked
up on that I never smelled before my
favorite smell on a motorcycle because
when I'm out in the country and there's
wood burning stoves good being fired up
you've got that smoky dark smoky smell
coming from the chimneys on a cold
morning I love that smell it just
permeates through the air so thickly you
could smell a chimney from three miles
away
but but yeah it's my original point yeah
I'm not I'm not incredibly trusting of
everyone is I don't think you should be
in any area really there are always
should be some some precautions i guess
but don't the incredibly paranoid azide
is I'm prone to be
oh yeah yeah